[Music]
Well, it turns out that today I'm going to
admit it to you I found it
Javi is fine You look down Rafi I
'm exhausted I'm exhausted it
shows on my face no that I'm tired of I do
n't
need to rest I need to rest yes I
need to rest let's see if I take a
couple of days I'll miss myself and I'll go away for
a couple of days or what or
a seed I could take a week now they
have an obsession with Rocío Flores let's see
family I found a little thing that I'm
going to admit that it occurred to me to
look for it because I saw a piece in a text
someone had put a piece in Tito
And then I
said I'm going to look for it to see if I
can find it and I found it
and I found it
And you will say what it is
attentive
newspaper archive Purísima
and then you regret it says another ota
totally totally let's see tomorrow yes
tomorrow and the day after if I'm going to rest
for sure
Mercedes honey
Hey Javi if you can answer it
open question mark did you feel bad
that FJ is the editor but I've heard
commenting with Amparo too and I've
seen you strange no no no no no  no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no let
's see I would have felt bad
If he had
left me stranded something but no ...
no no no no no no no no no no no no no I
'm not bad
at all I'm very tired I'm very
tired physically yes I
am very tired physically Yes but
mentally no mentally at full speed full speed
Magdalena has a problem with the light she
wants me to turn on the lights
no no but what's going on what's going on I mean yes yes it
's perfect I mean yes it's perfect let's
see on the one hand Antonio David needs
help
like everyone else we all
have almost everyone we have someone
who helps us When we don't have
followers who help us who cut us
excerpts who pass us news
Thumbnail editors it's that way it is
okay And hey if they have offered FJ
something Cool
[ __ ] great thing to me what's going on what's going on
quite the opposite and no yes I get along
well with both of them
I get along with both men no what's
happening yes it's true that
maybe I'm happy then
of course man I get along very well with
both of them I get along with Antonio
David I get along with FJ no No
girl It's going to make me feel bad the
best for it by God I would have
feeling bad If it had been if if I
had left Aiden or if I had left
those who are those who are with me and he
leaves me stranded and you leave me But no, it doesn't matter to me what's
going on what's going on man well I don't see you looking
bad Yeah yes well I do notice it eh
I I notice it that I need Let's see it's
been three tough weeks three
tough weeks three powerful weeks
three powerful weeks of
two days too many two days it's that they're not
going to let me go to Nica it's that two days They
won't let me drink
and also today Beijing came back today Beijing came back So
today in the
kids just as I am exhausted today They'll
give me three or four hours of live it
was the intermediary no Maria No it wasn't
the intermediary I found out
from third parties
I found out but let's see the things that
each one has on their channel and the things
that each one has with their Editors with
their assistants with their team they don't have to be
made public What happens is that it
is true that we are very gossipy that we are
very pimps and people are
more interested in
this gossip than gossip about the
My editors Why Because Antonio
David has undoubtedly had a
controversy with Juan no because
with Juan it has been quite Of course it has
n't gone well okay or so that has
gone badly
Juan has been dropping digs and
to a good listener a few words are enough or
so Juan has come out badly okay in
fact the Look, it's not to stir up trouble
between either of us because I might still
maintain the relationship with Juan
in fact next week I'm going to
his channel and with Antonio David cordial with
Antonio David
we fixed things super well
Also we understood each other super well
Today I already wrote to Marta to tell her
that I'm here if I can do something for
Animal or whatever I mean I'm super good
with them no and with Juan too or so
Anthony sent me he writes to me he was
writing during the operation I'm fine
with everyone I don't with me who doesn't
talk because they don't want to
with me who doesn't talk because they don't want to
or so I'm fine Now it's true
yes it's true that man it supposes more
gossip people to know who
the editor is now Antonio who helps him than
for example Javier Oliveira
people don't give a [ __ ] who does the
miniatures but nevertheless
Antonio, whether he wants it or not, well in News it's
newsworthy okay especially because
you and Anthony also have a good feeling no no
I'm very good with him I'm very good with him let's
see we don't talk often the last time he
wrote to me I think it was to
worry about my nose operation and
how it was and to wish me a good
recovery And such But you know that
Antonio had a character that I
like or rather to me he's a character that
well he's had things that he criticized but he
's very like
me not in a very direct way very
this silent another very guerrilla no but but
this is newsworthy let's see if it's
newsworthy why Because and it's no
secret I'm not saying this to stir up [ __ ] or
anything but let's see the barbs that
Juan has been dropping along the way they have
understood each other
very subtly he calls her lazy
no Or am I interpreting it wrong Very very so
subtle he called her lazy
in activity no and very subtle
Well he has also let it slip out there that he has
n't made a penny no let's see that subtle subtle
subtle you
don't need Antonio David at all
chena but I don't have to be on bad terms
with people let's see now  it's better to
be good than bad well
Eva you understand me
Juan throws barbs let's see Pepe son barbs
barbs I call barbs other things
for me Juan let's see he said it [ __ ] let's
see clearly they're not going to get mad
at me for saying it but but he
said it [ __ ] he said it he
said that one goes full throttle and the other goes
slower that he doesn't put all the meat on the
grill
so whether you want it or not you're
interested in gossip because now he says your
host and now
FJ
there editing on the channel
because people will say well and now this one that
now this one what conditions does he have Who has
done so that so that this one for
this working relationship to arise
are not newsworthy things to see and I
even know the I know the because since I
know them all in the end when one doesn't
tell me the other tells me
when a third party doesn't tell me and
then I know who the third
person is who has acted as an
intermediary contact or call it whatever you want and
that helps no But well those are
legitimate and personal things And that's it he
said it in an elegant way as
One is clear  and Antonio came and did
n't want to enter into a discussion with Juan
Antonio David also responded Well
in a subtle way, well that's it, I wish
Juan the best and that's it because he didn't
want to enter into a war with him
Javi, say hello to my father who is
watching you, his name is Jesús, I love him, he's from
Alconcell de Ariza and he lives in Barcelona.
Thanks to Jesús, a hug, Jesús, I
send you a kiss to Barcelona
[Music]